we present the top 5 record with
Highlights of sports news
so far at number 5 Luis
figo former footballer of Real Madrid
announced on Wednesday his intention to
stand for the presidency of the fifa
in the elections on 28 and 29 May in
Zurich Switzerland
was a weighted decision based on the
desire for a change of vision
reformist in the need that I see from
give more transparency to an institution
that is losing credibility said in a
message forwarded to the federation
Portuguese soccer in number four
luis fernando tena cross trainer
blue assured that we have white has
left a mark on Mexican soccer
and for him he is the third best player in
the history of our country my regards
for cuauhtémoc is a player who has
A great quality personality enters the
field and it gives everything influences and is a leader
very positive has made a career
brilliantly assured the strategist in
national team made great matches
both in qualifiers and global has
left a very deep footprint
after hugo sanchez and rafa marquez
that triumphed in europe I would think of
how we have white by personal quality
and for everything he did in selection
national exhibited the skinny at number 3
adolfo bautista regretted the situation in
the percentage table that crosses the
flock and admitted that at times the
team lacks intensity on the court
however, he trusts players who
militate on campus to meet the
goal that is to maintain the category is
difficult to be in this situation to me
touched to concretize or fight something like this
players who shrink or take out the
personality to get ahead at
team is a bit shy, but now
I can not criticize because I'm a player and
I know how things are inside the
court commented the player decorates this
record pick
in number 2 ronaldo christian
forward of Real Madrid will be
sanctioned only two matches for the
competition committee after leaving
expelled in the duel in front of Córdoba
for assaulting the Brazilian defender
the Portuguese will miss the duels
in front of the real society and sevilla but
will be available for the duel in front
to the athletic one of madrid the next 7 of
February at the Vicente Calderón in the
number 1 barcelona got his pass to
the semifinals of the king's cup after
defeat madrid athletic 4-2 in the
global score the culés with a great
Neymar's performance were imposed on the
great start that the box had
mattress that barely at the first minute
went ahead with goal of towers the
blaugranas expect rival of the key
between villarreal and getafe on the way
the 'yellow submarine' where militan
the two saints brothers came forward 10
this was the top 5 record